Way down in West Virginia lived a girl named Nancy Brown.
You've never seen such beauty in city or in town.
Now Nancy and the deacon climbed the mountainside one day.
But Nancy didn't like just what the deacon had to say.
She came rolling down the mountain.
Rolling down the mountain mighty soon.
For she didn't give the deacon that there thing that he was seeking.
And she's just as pure as Westwood Happy's moon.
And then there came a sailor in his funny suit of clothes.
She took our Nancy Walken, where the good Lord only knows.
She came rolling down the mountain, she came rolling down the mountain.
Rolling down the mountain by the dam.
For she's like a virgin, she is still the local virgin.
And she's just as pure as West Virginia ham.
And then there came a cowboy in his funny suit of clothes.
Took our lunchy walkin', where the good lord only knows She came rollin' down the mountain, she came rollin' down the mountain Rollin' down the mountain by the dance still Though the young boy he felt sinny, Nancy didn't feel givenny And she's just as pure as moonlight on the hill Then there came a crapper with his knapsack on his back
our Nancy walkin' way up to his shack.
She came rollin' down the mountain, she came rollin' down the mountain, rollin' down the mountain, mighty's wise.
For the fight, stop, and cunnin', she didn't feel like funnin', and she's just as pure as West Virginia's skies.
with his hundred dollar bills.
He took Nancy and his Chevy up those West Virginia hills.
Oh, she stayed up in the mountains, yes, she stayed up in the mountains.
She stayed up in the mountains all the night.
She came home next morning early, morrow night.